Remove `pwa-kit.config.json` from PWA (#445)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/pwa/README.md

## URL Customization

> You can customize how storefront URLs are formatted in the you applications configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize how storefront URLs are formatted in your application's configuration file.
```

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``` jsonc
```

Author: TIL what jsonc was. But actually, I just realized that the config is a js file now.. So I've update that.
